Emperor's Order
Clear like the ground
Shangzhan Dun Guan
Down to notoriety
you
Do you want me to kill you?
How can you have an English emperor?
Kneel down for me
Come on, we are good people, don't kneel
How to deal with Brother Long
Let him slap himself a hundred times
Go back to Beidu
Do you hear me?
I heard it.
Honey, let's go.
Who is this beautiful father?
Think back to when the enemy invaded
Lingong Shicheng is unrivaled
One person, one emperor
order in danger
The four gods of war
They are Crazy Tianmei Seam.
Blame the killing god
Bloody leap
Destroy the enemy
Counterattack Half Company
Capture the enemy capital
Destroy the enemy
Who do you think Mei Feng is?
Then how can that bird cheat not recognize the tail?
I don't know why.
But I can only remind you of one thing
Like, if you don't, you'll die with no bones left.
Go hey hey
Young Master, your marriage to Medicine is over
Do you think I will marry a stall?